= qlg

A tool for very quickly logging. It will place the logs by default in the log/ directory, if that directory doesn't
exist it will be added to the current running directory.

To log to a file just do

  Qlg.mylog # => Logger.new('log/mylog.log')
  Qlg.mylog.info('foo') {'bar'}

You can also rapidly output to a default log. This log is named after the environment if RACK_ENV, RAILS_ENV, or RACK_ENV
is defined, otherwise it will output to default.log

  Qlg.info('foo') {'bar'}
  Qlg.fatal('foo') {'bar'}
  etc...

These are setup with method missing, if you're concerned about the speed of this use Qlg.create_log('logname') to initialize
the log earlier. I'm not honestly sure how much faster this is or not.

You can edit the logger easily

  Qlg.mylog.level = Logger::ERROR


== Contributing to qlg
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Tal Atlas. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

